[I18n] Change Display Language from Settings (#260835)
elastic/kibana: docs/reference/configuration-reference/internationalization-settings.md

Reviewer: This is still in draft so not reviewing for now - but just FYI there is an effort on settings pages that may cause a conflict there https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/222875#pullrequestreview-4129451628 - happy to help depending on which moves forward first

Reviewer 2: Thanks @florent-leborgne! I've added the changes from this PR into my docs PR so that the conflict will be easier to resolve. There's no hurry on merging mine so we can wait for this one to merge first.

You do not need to configure any settings to run Kibana in English.

> `i18n.defaultLocale` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on {{ech}}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`i18n.defaultLocale` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on {{ech}}") {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+`
```

:   The locale used for server-rendered strings and as the default for users

>     who haven't picked a preferred language. Must be one of `i18n.locales` when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    who haven't picked a preferred language. Must be one of the values listed in `i18n.locales` when
```

    that setting is non-empty.

    **Default: `en`**

> `i18n.locales`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`i18n.locales` ![logo cloud](https://doc-icons.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/logo_cloud.svg "Supported on {{ech}}") {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+`
```
Is that one not supported on ECH? Given that the one above is marked as such, I would think it is? Only keep the applies_to part if not

Author: Yes, it will be supported on ECH

> :   The list of locales that {{kib}} offers in the per-user language picker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   The list of locales that {{kib}} offers to each user in the language picker.
```

>     Locales not in this list are unavailable to users, even if translation files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Locales not in this list are not available to users, even if translation files
```

>     for them are installed. Set to `[]` to disable the per-user language picker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for them are installed. Set to `[]` to disable the language picker.
```

    **Default:** `["en", "fr-FR", "ja-JP", "zh-CN", "de-DE"]`

> `i18n.locale` (deprecated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`i18n.locale` {applies_to}`stack: deprecated 9.5+`
```

:   Replaced by `i18n.defaultLocale`. {{kib}} continues to honor `i18n.locale`
    if set, logging a deprecation warning at startup.

## Built-in and custom locales

{{kib}} ships translation files for English, French, Japanese, Simplified

> Chinese, and German. Plugins (and admin-installed translation files) may add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chinese, and German. Plugins (and admin-installed translation files) can add
```

additional locales. Any locale you list in `i18n.locales` for which a
translation file exists will be served; locales without translation files fall

> back to the source strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
back to the source English.
```
simplification

## Per-user language selection

> When `i18n.locales` is non-empty, individual users can choose their preferred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `i18n.locales` is not empty, individual users can choose their preferred
```

display language:

> * **User Profile page** — Non-cloud users can select a language from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {applies_to}`self: ` **User Profile page** — Users can select a language from the
```

  **Language** section on their profile page (*User icon → Profile*).

> * **User menu** — Cloud users can select a language from the **Language**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {applies_to}`serverless:` {applies_to}`ech:` **User menu** — Users can select a language from the **Language**
```

>   option in the user menu at the top of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  option in the user menu available from the application header.
```
